What I’ve done
Key project - Launched Twitter Ads


Opened a new scalable channel, which generated around 3.3k sign-ups in 4 weeks with average cost per sign up being $1.36.*
*Ads generated roughly 33k website clicks, sign ups were calculated based on the average conversion rate (10%), meaning we can attribute 3.3k sign-ups to ads (free users). Once we have Pixel fixed, we will be providing more accurate numbers.
Execution journal
Crafted a scientific experimentation process 
We’re looking for the best combination of 3 variables: persona, messaging and format. 
In total, there are +200 combinations to test, hence first I went with those that seem intuitive. More details on the process here.
Developed creatives in Figma 
Launched 18 campaigns
Some of the learnings:
Audience: The Founder group seems to be a more receptive audience than freelancers. The only ad we tried for founders performed as well as the best of 3 tried for freelancers.
Value proposition: Free accounts work much better than making more money, having advanced features or saving time. 
Ad format: Creatives showing products perform better than lifestyle images.
Best performing ads: respectively $0.01 and $0.12 per click

Other learnings:
You can’t mix both media and posts within the same campaign and it is difficult to compare these 1:1.
Any change we do to a live campaign will reset the optimization process, which takes 3 days.
Created a backlog of 10 potential experiments 
These include: Authority messages, value proposition for paid accounts, targeting by keywords vs interests vs lookalikes, etc. List here.
What’s next: 
Run most successful campaigns
Double down on the best performing ads so far 
Optimize campaigns for different goals:
Sales demos bookings
Paid teams sign-ups

Other projects


Gathered and reviewed FAQs content
Users tend to ask the same questions. Launching FAQs will help users to quickly find the answers while also decreasing customer support tickets load.
Initiated marketing tracking improvements
Implemented Twipla for better understanding of website visitors behavior 
Installed Twitter Pixel for ads conversion tracking
Listed marketing event triggers (to be applied to Intercom, in order to send relevant marketing emails)
Created one-pagers on credits redemption
With each giveaway users are asking how to redeem the code. To save time of marketing and customer support teams, I created one-pagers explaining the process step by step.
Evaluated 3 email automation tools and negotiated 60% off the Hubspot price
Researched, compared and started implementation calls with Hubspot, Klaviyo and Active Campaign in order to choose the best fitting email automation platform. 
Designed marketing bounties landing page
To encourage users to generate quality content, we’d like to incentivize them through marketing bounties (similarly to what cal.com/jobs does).
Created organic Twitter guide 
Developed a short guide on content and posting frequency to sustain account consistency (link).
Created new swag proposal
Focus on both premium and standard swag options that are scalable and unisex (to avoid sizing complexity). We can leverage this swag in social media giveaways and to treat our heavy-users or clients (ie. Deel).
Migrated marketing projects into Linear
Moved marketing projects and tasks to Linear in order to a) streamline teams efficiency, b) give visibility on our projects to the other team members.
3. Projects I’ve started:
Onboarding emails
Launch automated onboarding emails to increase user activation (sequence and rough content outline here)
April Fools’ campaign
Deliver memorable campaign to increase brand awareness
User generated content 
Encourage and/or incentivize content creators to develop credible materials about Cal.com products
Launch marketing bounties
What I want to do next
Increase activation
Currently it’s at around 25% (40k users signed up, but have never booked a meeting)
Low hanging fruits: welcome and re-engagement emails and their regular optimization
I’ve managed lifecycle comms at Uber and developed welcome and engagement emails from scratch at Amex (EMEA) which increased the activation rate by+20%
Other: user education (FAQs, in-app messaging, marketing newsletter, organic content on SM)
Grow and delight Cal.com community
Focus on building community to strengthen users loyalty
Engage in conversations with our followers on Twitter and Discord 
Consider launching marketing newsletter in the US
Be a strong partner for sales and customer support
Support sales with marketing materials (case studies, decks, one-pagers)
Regularly monitor competitors activities, run market researches and provide insights on customer segmentation


